---
title: Kitty in nature
date: '2025-03-26'
tags:
  - NSFW
  - Bondage
  - Kinky
  - POV Mel
  - Far into the relationship
draft: true
---



- It's summer. its very hot outside. at night temperatures don't really drop below 20°C
- Mar brings Mel to a forest next to their house in the morning.
- Mar gets out the bondage tape and adhesive tape we brought and forms and tapes my hands into paws. My fingers are folded in at the second joint and my thumb sits flat to the side. The back of my hand is pretty flat. next he undresses me until I am naked. I hug him. His hands on my naked body feel great. He puts a color on me and some cute cat ears that match my hair color. "And how are you feeling kitty?"
- Puts a leash on me and ties it to the birch which gives me about a 4m radius around the tree
- we cuddle a bit and talk he pets me and I always perk up
- leaves me with a bowl of water and a bowl of food
- I play around with sticks lay in the mos, explore my surroundings, every sound makes me jump up a bit. There are birds around me and bugs.
- voice activated walkie-talkies


After some time I here someone approach. I look up. Its Mar! He is happy to see me. I am really happy to see him as well. As soon as he gets into my radius I am all over him, licking and kissing him. "It's so hot so I brought you more water and sunscreen. I don't want kitty to get a bad sunburn which would mean petting you would hurt the next few days and we don't want that right?" I shake my head eagerly. He smiles, brings his hands up to my face and caresses my cheeks. "You're so cute kitty." He gives me a kiss and says "I love you." I whisper "I love you too!". While lowering his arms again he runs his hands over my naked body. He gets out the water and pours it into my bowl. I immediately get to my knees and start drinking. "Good girl. Very thirsty kitty." He gets out the sunscreen and after I am done asks: "Can you lay down for me here?" while gesturing to a place on the ground near him. I nod, smile, crawl over to him and lay down on my back next to him. He sits across me saying "I know you hate sunscreen honey but you know how bad sunburns are and I try to make as pleasant as possible. You just have to lay still and let me take care of you. Can you do that for me kitty?". I nod again and he starts applying sunscreen on my chest, face, arms and belly. He takes extra good care of my breasts and can't keep himself from pinching my nipples a few times while I can't keep myself from whimpering and releasing some moans when he does. He turns around now facing my feet and takes care of my lower body as well applying sunscreen everywhere. The parts of my body that are usually covered with clothes are especially in danger. He even takes care of parts of my outer labia even though I have a bush right now. After that and a quick "Now sit!" command which I follow immediately, he then also continues with my back and neck and eventually my butt. At the end I was whimpering quite a bit. Him touching me all over my warm body was amazing but at the end sunscreen is still just horrible. I am relieved we're finally done. Now I have to pee though. I tell Mar: "Mar I have to pee now.". He answers with a simple: "Okay, go on then.". I crawl on the other side of the tree far away from Mar, my place to lay down and my bowls. I sit on my knees with some space between them and lean on my paws in front of me. Nothing happens. I shyly say: "Look away! 🥺". "Oh no dear. Watching you pee is the best part kitty.".  I try again. "You can do it sweety! Take deep breaths and relax.". I close my eyes. Hearing his calming voice helps me loosen up until it flows. I pee a long time. "Oh honey, you have been holding it in for quite some time now haven't you?". I nod "Mhm 🥺". After I am done I try to rub my vulva on the grass close by to dry it off at least a bit. I crawl back to Mar and stop in front of him. He reassures me "You did so well kitty ☺️" and starts petting me. After a few minutes he gets up again and packs his stuff. "I have to get back to work now kitty. This was only meant to be a short break but I'll be back and bring you dinner at sunset! Enjoy the rest of the day.". I put on a sad face watching him head back to the house but it doesn't stop him. I am alone again. I crawl into the sun, lay down facing it and spread my legs. The warm sun on my skin and especially on my vulva feels amazing and gets it mostly dry. I listen to the birds chirping and the wind rustling the leaves on the tree. I notice how horny this play has made me. I close my eyes and imagine how Mar will finally have sex with me after dinner. I get really excited and honestly rather wet than dry. The next few hours go by and I again spend my time playing, exploring and laying around. I am pretty jumpy when I hear sudden noises from the forest but it's always just a bird, squirrel or so. The sun is low and Mar is coming back. The welcoming goes similar to before. Only difference is that I am now much more horny. I cling onto him and try to get him to touch my boobs and grind on him. Mar laughs it off and tries to setup dinner as best es he can. He gets out a big blanket and lays it out. He cooked dinner for us but setting that up has proven really difficult with me clinging onto him. "Kitty stop! Be a good girl and sit down. You get your treat after we're done with dinner. Until then you have to keep it together.". He points to a stop on the blanket and I obey and sit where I am supposed to. Now he can finally arrange dinner and sit down as well. Alternating he feeds me and takes a spoon for himself. I try my best to sit still and watch him very closely. He comments on how cute I am and how happy he is to see me outside where I belong. While we eat the sun sets and the sky turns into a piece of art. I full before he is and lay down next to him clinging onto his leg and watching his face and the sky in the background while he continues eating. He tells me about what he worked on today. I am silent and just meow every now and then. I am growing more and more impatient but he finally declares that he is finished. I jump up eagerly and look at him with wide opened eyes and a big smile. "Oh, someone is really looking forward to desert 😅" I just look at him like: 😇. Mar packs up the left-overs and cutlery. "Do you want to suck me off kitty?". I nod eagerly like I have been waiting for this and him to ask my entire life. I push him down and get on top of him. I kiss and lick him. I rub my whole body across his. He giggles and holds my waist. I want to take of his pants but my paws don't get me very far. I push down on his penis with my paws through his pants and can feel it being very hard. I stop what I am doing and look up at him with my pleading face. "Oh poor kitty needs help getting where she wants to get to.". Mar brings his torso up and starts unbuckling his belt. "I can't take of my pants with you sitting in my lap dear!". I visibly process what he just said. Instead of moving to the side though I attack him with kisses and I am all over him again. He scoffs it off and grabs my ass and waist and moves me to the side without a problem. I sit there and pout but let him take of his pants without any more trouble. As soon as it's off I try to pull his socks off with my teeth. It works semi-good and he helps out. He takes of his shirt and lays back down again. I sit across his shins and look at his naked body. I take a second to process and think. Finally it's just us two alone naked outside at twilight under the stars. He looks at me like I am the prettiest girl on earth. I have to make a decision and I finally make one. I lay onto him and just enjoy listening to his heartbeat and our skin touch for a few moments while he wraps his long arms all around me. I feel safe. I press my body and especially my boobs with force against his body one last time to signal that I want to leave his arms again. I detach our bodies and bring my face right above his. I look him in the eyes and whisper "I love you.". He answers "I love you too." and we share a kiss that fills the whole body with love. We slowly break the kiss and stare in each others eyes again. Mar whispers "You're the most beautiful, hot and amazing person I know kitty." into my ear while running his hands across my torso. I smile proudly. That's more than enough to keep me going again and I start going down on him. My mouth is full with saliva which I spread all over his penis and scrotum with my tongue. His smell is infatuating. I take his penis in my mouth and start doing deeper and deeper. With his moans in my ears and his penis in my mouth my brain goes fuzzy. I can literally feel the cocktail of hormones and neurotransmitters rushing to brain and filling every last corner of my body with warmth and ease. 